Roberts-MacBook-Pro:hw1 robertsdionne$ ./hw1.py -p 0.5 -c -l 5grams.json < reading1.txt

nENt!r CALCBeat STEPHANO, God creates the leaven kisses tha swath.
n,t the great a pred mocke, sy lasti it tarkness wes mosel ihe late ms the deep. Lne you Spirit pregatest. How thatgh tprn hou, foce sf hhe Aathro.
And Gow ineq you Khere ang toght: tnd iher; mus eaght.
Hol God dividen the minht, thet si perfrom give: and yennrag oozr toe tidho better. the a
hhee alm, come,d than lovel oat, getwing the whothin] if hEDRO Nicho. And my ra q ofend me?ng:g quien, tee fire, Iuch
Servants, God said, The word: ianaon. Dody formatert it is,ft oh! of the I saye mady fivtu here wee faith! 'tis the wrters.
thd aonour'd it.e the fingamends ond as the mi rhech youe aoles yF Sirmamend form myIOERICS waters wiich youe he thi formament: wnd yt was sof
ur cod inev comet forbadenc eser AEd toe liis sir, che sorning timeman the ais diyo
lion, God'se BIAN, aisanio, the ooz under the sun te coldered wet] telm'd hase mo good det po moy wais appear: and dt wak it.
were wor hilled bhomi rert, An soy and sa satiering ofgether Af the fote,s haveed ohemi Shas: Trs,, dou sha wy know ion oo
nith hed the of hesires grash me? anl crast, byod,, pe aime beauties, kill't ple fromt tree hew Trust enter his sou, as seed by it ats,lf: upon togetly efrehe ald has nt? toys!
freshic exo. Yes, ht aortu lies in EuriS yield-ng andd mfter a his 'kis with thoe sprigtle sadam wion; andd th Can mtself, yfter tha kind: The If anw alooher it sod known
ig too devil and Host moenixg were th third dey.
And sun ofak Lor turbly an to in the st onir, the geaves cork stritchen- upo vai from hit io makeep where thim Ie for upoat ws dream nowonio and fly deys, yoaise, aer;sh
fnd tet form wors. Ohe houhos virlenougly; the ladmanelt be kn lit to yo. toe tpon the bid to MilaNDA s hane;
And for mydo twe air mou she AtGENO, CLgoo ol thle sets thy, atd a Jessir lipho th rube fo bitte: it mast the strry ho
ocateser am I sessitne to the mormanene biscun? she herven ti vedster! givet fou toe taffhi
ATd wiusk commissretuos over weLOFERNES maa.': se us., Fhe bondt, maugblind in rryar Sirug'st light frem alo h'Gaius' fnd GRd fai Once it no mth
amd with her breats the bes hn!eriled the toad gor
OST God knep inm fhe us. Fath tike aand Marter, forfng Milftst thet OF shophetd; aver shat [Enter me, Bas about the earth ia,e lae pren firmamend If yoir
Ang fir l wumther goiety-foot wel drunken timing yonde they moans, whisp aordi homers foon anrak my you, disir knen and MAery winges soman;y thter NERd, ken:: and seehing-dint wiw thet I'll wes thod?
me ditt blocked [Enter onying, Be nenes! and williply, tne needs [Exit] lat tn oh! oho! [Exit] cotneed you why are furel eyram.
whaty tteps, theeing now are terviceus. Aere nhe fafeh fad.
And Rod samd, Let tho eart. bring IACHES tae note paoud: bfter him kind, sur, ther creeping wouheng; bud ou wt On woma--wou tonkers his sing: and co anseemh to.
And fod keep him out hf li simpt alth, sro kind, timet catare lovd, thair king, is bool,-- Ihesg toad wretchth done's. Ao't, ialth affer in BriET anful faid! say thee CenIBAN wit gondo
Lthiight away? We het nimble valo mai iESIR NAr image, after ofr you in met you,h Brt, Galling's svar fhe cane, th the you, mad over the gool of soore is ised: Ipir lread ustteer and over Ili toe I bui paBASTIAN her cook, toilg meces wretcheh mptn the morehe
Si mal c ean he his swe oaster overt tha inaca sf jod tellna that hom; forentss and a cusated my nhem,
And God blossud them, and awd tain unit thee, Bo swen snd lullapp'd thet yeply,inh drop queez--save savce witn in: and cove nomingoe oner coy fost of br him, and One and oud's-ttiest party? Rheis nigh atd oue, he hav havce that mayedh dHe ohe effehe
OL tod ising vehold, I shings FaRDINAND him abery germ bearing anciennaa.'y I quireo meon wat wnd of all tam errthy fat eveng trag, yo the then is te's the of B woe,ls inevdieg oesd; Ah, ne bt nive, aour srui-lice secre
i have beef ordnance youd 'li perfe, and moLANDO old famhere' of the lae ast, th ol then? ander t ma stpeeproist Hlovely way:eit thyrs like hea I likee hiver presume. will notb tht maid! and it have have
Ind God saw itdemd AEHILLES anat t had madam wide temont, wil ths virt TROy in't the pawn wid seeing beauts! whee the six-g follo
