Roberts-MacBook-Pro:hw1 robertsdionne$ ./hw1.py -p 0.5 -t -l 5tokengrams.json < ../texts/genesis.txt

[Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, God created the heaven kisses the earth.
not the stop. A good moral, my lord: it darkness was make: the face is the deep. And you Spirit purgation. God though upon you, face of the waters.
And God keep Let there any light: and there was light.
How God divides the light, that it desire, good: and general hour the light better. the a
thee all, called than light Day, growing the [Within] if PEDRO Night. And my we I scene morning queen, the first such
Servants] God said, The there pardon. body firmament in shift she of the I rare many gift; here the faith! 'Tis the waters.
And honour'd made the firmament, and an the my which more bones OF firmament from GUIDERIUS waters which were he the firmament: and it was so.
up God seen comet firmament ever And the this sir, the morning kinsman the his day.
look? Gentle BIRON Pisanio, the our under the But be gathered with term'd base to good let No dry land appear: and it was so.
were God called them. hurt, in say and my gathering together of the waters called there Seas: Tush, you saw my know Not so
with God the of desires earth me? all grass, woods, so give beauties, kill'd the fruit tree how fruit after his son, as seed by in itself, upon rightly earth: and his it? toys!
frantic too. bear at forth sir, be EVANS yielding seed after a his 'tis with tree Throttle speak whose seed on Can itself, after the kind: The If saw another it God known
if the devil and Hath morning were to third day.
And our weak Let humbly be to in the of fair, the heaven care stretching for day from so, so master prove them be for speak is false Antonio and for days, praise, years:
And let them work. The lights villanously; the firmament of in lie to so. the upon the bid to MIRANDA a safe;
And God made two his and the ANGELO, light of rule ours day, and I lesser light to rule As night: he made the stars to
accursed am I session, to the firmament vision? the heaven to monster! light You the earth,
And pluck commiseration over HOLOFERNES means: so too, the night, grumbling to Friar Shrug'st light from the ''Gamut' and God saw Once it do it,
And with her breath the but unsettled the that For
And God keep him the use with like hand Master, moving Mightst that OF shepherd; ever that [Enter may fly above the earth have the open firmament If fair
And for a further grief,--God and drunken living lord, that means, which cord, waters lion forth my you, their then and every winged womanly after maid? kind: and nothing-gift saw that What was good.
me with blessed [Enter saying, Be vents! and multiply, and needs [Exit] let in the poor [Exit] chanced you why and here? earth.
weary steps. evening now the serviteur. were the fifth day.
And God said, Let the earth bring JAQUES the note proud: after his kind, sir, that creeping nothing; and of it On word--for tinker? his kind: and it beseech so.
And God keep him out of my sight after are kind, visit cattle lord, their kind, as pool,-- thing that creepeth darest. Do't, earth after in BOYET life: food, saw that CALIBAN was good.
straight away? We Let nimble make man CELIA our image, after our you it let youth But, Gabriel's over the come, of the you. and over the fowl of shore at fret: upon fresh cattle, and over all the I but SEBASTIAN her book, thing face, creepeth upon the earth.
So God I man be his own Master event the image of God Helena that him; fineness and a created my them.
And God blessed them, and and said unto them, Be sign and multiply, that replenish But, queen--save sauce then it: and have dominion over thy fish of be sea, and One And indignities. pardon shuns air, and over he thy hence that moveth THE the earth.
OF God said, Behold, I things FERDINAND him every herb bearing accidentally I quando upon wit and of all the earth, and every tree, in the then is He's the of a wheels yielding seed; The he it wive, your true-love meat.
I have been drinking hard all earth, and ORLANDO old father's of the lie apt, to or thing more, I as superpraise slavery wherein there like him I leave given perfume. with herb but meat: and it have have
And God saw indeed ACHILLES that a had made, and, behold, did was very They in's the pawn and seeing hearts! were the sixth fools
